Product Carbon Footprint Report HP P32u G5 QHD USB-C Monitor GHG Emissions Manufacturing Breakout  Display 64.9% Mainboard and other boards 11.4% Chassis 10.8% Power Supply Unit & External Cables 7.9% Others* 3.3% Packaging 1.7%   Assumptions  5 North America 68.58 8.5 31.5"" China Learn more at HP’s Sustainability Website Additional information about HP’s carbon footprinting program  can be found in HP’s yearly Sustainability Report, which is  available on the HP Sustainability website. The site also contains IT Eco Declarations, which provide product- specific environmental information, as well as information on HP’s  product recycling programs. * Others section includes assembly energy, other subassemblies  and all subassemblies packaging and transport Additional product environmental performance Estimated impact As part of HP’s commitment to continually improve the environmental performance of our products, we utilize product carbon footprinting (PCF) to better  understand environmental impacts that occur at different stages of the product life cycle. A product carbon footprint is defined as the total amount of  greenhouse gases emitted directly and indirectly by a product over its lifetime. Our product carbon footprints include full value chain emissions, which  incorporates carbon emissions due to raw materials extraction, manufacturing, distribution, use, and product end-of-use. The information provided here represents the lifecycle carbon footprint of an industry-average display  with the specifications listed in Assumptions  table. HP's environmental impact calculations are done in accordance with ISO 14040/44. All estimates of impact results are uncertain, resulting largely from  data limitations and data quality. To mitigate this uncertainty, HP has developed HP-specific tools that use a combination of HP processes and product  data, as well as high-quality lifecycle assessment data. HP strives to provide the most accurate environmental impact results but uncertainty will never  be completely minimized and results should be considered accordingly. Lifetime of product Use location Use energy demand (Yearly TEC)  Product weight Screen size Final manufacturing location © Copyright 2021 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are  set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an additional warranty. 345 kg CO2 eq. Manufacturing 45% Distribution 1% Use 53% End of Life 1% Value chain  carbon footprint  