Product Carbon Footprint Report 22-Aug-2023 HP EliteDesk 800 G6 Desktop Mini PC(ENERGY STAR) GHG Emissions Manufacturing Breakout  Mainboard and other boards 63% Solid State Drive (SSD) 21% Power Supply Unit & External Cables 4% Others* 4% Chassis 3% External components (Keyboard & Mouse) 3% Hard Drive (HDD) 2% Assumptions  5 North America 40.09 2.30 China Learn more at HP’s Sustainability Website Additional information about HP’s carbon footprinting program can be  found in HP’s yearly Sustainability Report, which is available on the HP  Sustainability website. The site also contains IT Eco Declarations, which provide product- specific environmental information, as well as information on HP’s  product recycling programs. * Others section includes assembly energy, other subassemblies and all  subassemblies packaging and transport Additional product environmental performance Estimated impact As part of HP’s commitment to continually improve the environmental performance of our products, we utilize product carbon footprinting (PCF) to  better understand environmental impacts that occur at different stages of the product life cycle.  A product carbon footprint is defined as the total  amount of greenhouse gases emitted directly and indirectly by a product over its lifetime. Greenhouse gas emissions are reported as global warming  potential for 100-year time horizon (GWP-100) in units of CO2 equivalence. Our product carbon footprints include full value chain emissions, which  incorporate carbon emissions due to raw materials extraction, manufacturing, distribution, use, and product end-of-use. The information provided here represents the lifecycle carbon footprint of an industry-average desktop computer  with the specifications listed in  Assumptions table. HP's environmental impact calculations are done in accordance with ISO 14040/44. All estimates of impact results are uncertain, resulting largely  from data limitations and data quality. To mitigate this uncertainty, HP has developed HP-specific tools that use a combination of HP processes and  product data, as well as high-quality lifecycle assessment data. HP strives to provide the most accurate environmental impact results but uncertainty  will never be completely minimized and results should be considered accordingly. Lifetime of product (years) Use location Use energy demand (kWh/year)  Product weight (kg) Final manufacturing location© Copyright 2021 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to  change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be c ons trued as constituting an additional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.250 250kg CO 2 eq. eq. Manufacturing 56% Distribution 0% Use 43% End of Life 1% Value chain  carbon footprint  