Product Carbon Footprint Report HP Pro c645 Chromebook GHG Emissions Manufacturing Breakout  Solid State Drive (SSD) 39.1% Mainboard and other boards 29.9% Display 19.7% Batteries 3.8% Power Supply Unit & External Cables 2.8% Chassis 2.2% Others* 2.1% Packaging 0.4%   HP's environmental  impact calculations  are done in  accordance with ISO  14040/44. All  Assumptions  4 North America 22.81 1.7 14"" China Learn more at HP’s Sustainability Website Additional information about HP’s carbon footprinting program can be  found in HP’s yearly Sustainability Report, which is available on the HP  Sustainability website. The site also contains IT Eco Declarations, which provide product- specific environmental information, as well as information on HP’s  product recycling programs. * Others section includes assembly energy, other subassemblies and  all subassemblies packaging and transport Additional product environmental performance Estimated impact As part of HP’s commitment to continually improve the environmental performance of our products, we utilize product carbon footprinting (PCF) to better  understand environmental impacts that occur at different stages of the product life cycle. A product carbon footprint is defined as the total amount of greenhouse  gases emitted directly and indirectly by a product over its lifetime. Our product carbon footprints include full value chain emissions, which incorporates carbon  emissions due to raw materials extraction, manufacturing, distribution, use, and product end-of-use. The information provided here represents the lifecycle carbon footprint of an industry-average notebook computer  with the specifications listed in Assumptions  table. Lifetime of product (years) Use location Use energy demand (kWh/year)  Product weight (kg) Screen size (in) Final manufacturing location © Copyright 2021 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the  express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an ad ditional warranty. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. 206 kg CO2 eq. Manufacturing 71% Distribution 5% Use 24% End of Life 0% Value chain  carbon footprint  