Product Carbon Footprint Report HP EliteOne 870 27 inch G9 All-in-One Desktop PC GHG Emissions Manufacturing Breakout  Mainboard and other boards 37.0% Display 30.4% Chassis 11.7% Solid State Drive (SSD) 10.2% Power Supply Unit & External Cables 4.5% Others* 4.0% External components (Keyboard & Mouse) 1.3% Packaging 0.7%   Assumptions  5 North America 101.38 12.2 27"" China Learn more at HP’s Sustainability Website Additional information about HP’s carbon footprinting program can be  found in HP’s yearly Sustainability Report, which is available on the HP  Sustainability website. The site also contains IT Eco Declarations, which provide product- specific environmental information, as well as information on HP’s  product recycling programs. * Others section includes assembly energy, other subassemblies and  all subassemblies packaging and transport Additional product environmental performance Estimated impact As part of HP’s commitment to continually improve the environmental performance of our products, we utilize product carbon footprinting (PCF) to better  understand environmental impacts that occur at different stages of the product life cycle. A product carbon footprint is defined as the total amount of greenhouse  gases emitted directly and indirectly by a product over its lifetime. Our product carbon footprints include full value chain emissions, which incorporates carbon  emissions due to raw materials extraction, manufacturing, distribution, use, and product end-of-use. The information provided here represents the lifecycle carbon footprint of an industry-average all-in-one computer  with the specifications listed in Assumptions  table. HP's environmental impact calculations are done in accordance with ISO 14040/44. All estimates of impact results are uncertain, resulting largely from data  limitations and data quality. To mitigate this uncertainty, HP has developed HP-specific tools that use a combination of HP processes and product data, as well as  high-quality lifecycle assessment data. HP strives to provide the most accurate environmental impact results but uncertainty will never be completely minimized  and results should be considered accordingly. Lifetime of product (years) Use location Use energy demand (kWh/year)  Product weight (kg) Screen size (in) Final manufacturing location© Copyright 2021 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to  change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an ad dit ional warranty.HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.559kg CO 2eq. kg CO2 Manufacturing50%Distribution 1% Use 49% End of Life 0% Value chain  carbon footprint  0% Value chain  carbon footprint  