Product Carbon Footprint Report HP M27h FHD Monitor GHG Emissions Manufacturing Breakout  Display 67.3% Chassis 14.4% Mainboard and other boards 9.1% Power Supply Unit & External Cables 4.0% Others* 3.5% Packaging 1.7%   Assumptions  5 North America 41.46 4.7 27 China Learn more at HP’s Sustainability Website Additional information about HP’s carbon footprinting program  can be found in HP’s yearly Sustainability Report, which is  available on the HP Sustainability website. The site also contains IT Eco Declarations, which provide  product-specific environmental information, as well as  information on HP’s product recycling programs. * Others section includes assembly energy, other  subassemblies and all subassemblies packaging and transport Additional product environmental performance Estimated impact As part of HP’s commitment to continually improve the environmental performance of our products, we utilize product carbon footprinting (PCF) to  better understand environmental impacts that occur at different stages of the product life cycle. A product carbon footprint is defined as the total  amount of greenhouse gases emitted directly and indirectly by a product over its lifetime. Our product carbon footprints include full value chain  emissions, which incorporates carbon emissions due to raw materials extraction, manufacturing, distribution, use, and product end-of-use. The information provided here represents the lifecycle carbon footprint of an industry-average display  with the specifications listed in Assumptions  table. HP's environmental impact calculations are done in accordance with ISO 14040/44. All estimates of impact results are uncertain, resulting largely  from data limitations and data quality. To mitigate this uncertainty, HP has developed HP-specific tools that use a combination of HP processes and  product data, as well as high-quality lifecycle assessment data. HP strives to provide the most accurate environmental impact results but  uncertainty will never be completely minimized and results should be considered accordingly. Lifetime of product (years) Use location Use energy demand (kWh/year)  Product weight (kg) Screen size (in) Final manufacturing location© Copyright 2021 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to  change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting a n a dditional warranty.HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein. HP shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.214 214kg CO 2 eq. eq. Manufacturing 46% Distribution 1% Use 52% End of Life 1% Value chain  carbon footprint  