Product Carbon Footprint Report 28-Aug-2023 EliteBook 655 G9 GHG Emissions Manufacturing Breakout  Mainboard and other boards 36% Solid State Drive (SSD) 21% Display 24% Chassis 11% Batteries 3% Power Supply Unit & External Cables 3% Others* 2% Packaging 1% Assumptions  4 North America 16.93 1.9 15.6 China Learn more at HP’s Sustainability Website Use location Additional information about HP’s carbon footprinting program  can be found in HP’s yearly Sustainability Report, which is  available on the HP Sustainability website. The site also contains IT Eco Declarations, which provide  product-specific environmental information, as well as  information on HP’s product recycling programs. * Others section includes assembly energy, other  subassemblies and all subassemblies packaging and transport Use energy demand (kWh/year)  Product weight (kg) Screen size (in) Final manufacturing location Estimated impact As part of HP’s commitment to continually improve the environmental performance of our products, we utilize product carbon footprinting (PCF) to  better understand environmental impacts that occur at different stages of the product life cycle.  A product carbon footprint is defined as the total  amount of greenhouse gases emitted directly and indirectly by a product over its lifetime. Greenhouse gas emissions are reported as global  warming potential for 100-year time horizon (GWP-100) in units of CO2 equivalence. Our product carbon footprints include full value chain  emissions, which incorporate carbon emissions due to raw materials extraction, manufacturing, distribution, use, and product end-of-use. The information provided here represents the lifecycle carbon footprint of an industry-average notebook computer  with the specifications listed in  Assumptions table. HP's environmental impact calculations are done in accordance with ISO 14040/44. All estimates of impact results are uncertain, resulting largely  from data limitations and data quality. To mitigate this uncertainty, HP has developed HP-specific tools that use a combination of HP processes and  product data, as well as high-quality lifecycle assessment data. HP strives to provide the most accurate environmental impact results but  uncertainty will never be completely minimized and results should be considered accordingly. Lifetime of product (years) Additional product environmental performance © Copyright 2021 HP Development Company, L.P. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice. The only warranties for HP products and  services are set forth in the express warranty statements accompanying such products and services. Nothing herein should be construed as constituting an  additional warranty. 190 kg CO2 eq. Production  73% Distribution  7% Use 19% End of Life  1% Value chain  carbon footprint  