                 Product Carbon Footprint Acer carefully consider environmental factors in every stage of the product life cycle. This includes selecting materials during design, through packaging and shipping, to usage and recycling to reduce environmental impacts. Acer uses PAIA (Product Attribute to Impact Algorithm) to perform product carbon footprints. The PAIA platform, developed based on MIT’s methodology, was created to speed up the process while delivering streamlined and consistent results that are robust enough to make fact based decisions on product sustainability. 237 +/- 46† kgCO2e Estimated carbon footprint †All estimates of carbon footprint are uncertain. For this product, the 5th and 95th percentile of the carbon footprint estimate, 140 kgCO2e and 455 kgCO2e, to reflect that uncertainty. That estimate has a mean of 237 kg of CO2e and standard deviation of 46 kg of CO2e . Acer TravelMate B3 TMB311-33, TMB311-33-TCO Product carbon footprint by percentag  e % 42.9% 18.5% 10.6% 8.6% 5.5% 5.3% 4.4% 3.1% 0.7% 0.5% General Information 1.3 kg 11.6"" 12.4 kWh 4 years About the Data Disclaimer 2023/May The product carbon footprint was calculate using the Product Attribute to Impact Algorithm model, Notebook tool, version 1.3.2, copyright by the ICT Benchmarking collaboration including the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's Materials Systems Laboratory and partners. The LCA result strongly influenced by the assumptions made and PAIA tools are not configured to allow for simultaneous simulation, it is not recommended that PAIA results be used in comparisons. Product breakout Display Mainboard (and other boards) Use Power Supply Unit(s) Transport Chassis    Typical Energy Consumption (Yearly TEC) Solid State Drive(s) Battery Packaging End of Life    Final Assembly in China and use in Europe Learn more about Acer Sustainability, please visit Acer Sustainability Website and Acer Earthion Website. All estimates of carbon footprint are uncertain. This information sheet contains a description of the carbon footprint data for this declared product, which is based on estimates of the current state of the product life cycle, but is subject to known or unknown risks or uncertainties, so actual results may be different from the statement. The information contained herein is subject to change without notice and Acer Inc. shall not be liable for technical or editorial errors or omissions contained herein.    Panel Size    Product Weight (excluded accessory and packaging)    Product Lifetime Manufacturing  83.4% End of Life 0.5% Use  10.6% Transport 5.5% 